Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Everyone, did you watch this live-stream?
After… half a year…
I’ll release a video on...
English proficiency test... Level 3
There's a scout on LLSIF
Where you can...
Only get Nico-chan!
If, within these 6 months,
In the video I release,
If I can score 70 out of 100,
Even after spending 30,000 yen…
Isn’t that alright?
If I don’t… I get it!
I’ll uninstall the app!
Whatever!
I’ll uninstall “Keyaki no Kiseki” too!
Trying the English Test Level 3 problems,
In order to get at least 70%
Although I spent 10,000 yen on KeyaKise (app)
And 30,000 yen on School Festival…
That’s fine, right?
Alright! Wish me luck
So with that...
Today, I’d like to test
My real English skills!
I guess I want to see how
I've improved with English!
"Aren't you about 70%...
Of the way through Level 3??"
"So shouldn't you be able to do it??"
Even if you say that, I'm still only making my way
Through studying pronunciation and vocabulary!
So then, let's go ahead and start!
A.I.Channel
Let's start with studying vocab!
I will be taking the...
Weblio Vocabulary Test
To test the limits of my vocabulary!
Well...
Since I feel like it~
Let's go! Aim for 100 out of 100...
Full score! Yes!
Level 3!
Hi-
Hiel-
Hielty...
What is this…?
Huh?!
What was it again?
This...
Wait a second! Does this have a time limit?
I have no idea!!
Wait...
I-I don't know...
"None of the above"!
E-
El-
Ele-
Elea-
Elea--
Erea- Area!!
Area
Area!
Menseki (area)? I dunno!
Um...
Ai-
Alilearity-?
Aha~!
I dunno!
Joshin!
J-Jo-Jo-Joshin...
Josh
Isn't it none of the above...?
Ku-
Ku--
Kubuz...
Kuzu!
(Trash)
I'll go with trash
C-Crou-
Croud...
Huh...?
Teki (enemy)?
Is it enemy?
I don’t...
I dunn'-
I dunno!
Important!
Important means...
This one...
Number one!
It means important (juuyou)
Ealmufu...
Hmm?
Might be this one, right?
Number one. Earmuff!
Alon!
Alone!
Is it along~?
I wonder if it's number one!
Pre-
Prisidento-
President
(AI-chan noises)
(More AI-chan noises)
Hmm~
(lol)
Tiger!
Tora (tiger)
Af-
Afreid
Afraighd? Hmm?
Afraighd?
This is probably right!
Pay! I know pay!
It's this one
Nice!
Pu-
Pa-
Pile...
Pile
Pile?
Is it ita (board)?
I wonder
Still!
Huh-
Umm-
Maybe it's number one...
O-
Order, order!
This one?
Order...
I feel like I'm off-
None of the above, none of the above!
Pu-
Pai-
Person! Person?
I know I've heard this before!
Huh?
I'll go with number two, mmm
Huh-
Kid
Um, kid means...
Kid means like a child, doesn't it?
I just dunno~
Sa-
San...stuary...?
I'll go with number one!
Ga-Gar-Garlic!
That's ninniku (garlic), right?
Return!
Return means...
Like, going home, returning...
Hi-
Fire...
Fire!!
Fire!
Fire means hi (fire), huh?
Hm~!
Chimpanzee!
Ma-
Mayor...
Hmm, I think it's number two!
Huh?
Ahh-HHHH!!
But, wait!
Huh?
But...
Wait, wait!
Was this even worth it?
I suppose it was
Huhh...
Final result: E
I'll have extreme trouble passing...
Um...
Well, everyone, my English proficiency
Is exactly as you've seen here
So...
Wouldn't it be great...
If I could understand...
More than "Level 3"
By the 18th of June?
Without using any plug-ins or anything!!
To all the humans who are
Studying so hard for their exams...
Please look after yourselves!
I will also properly and laboriously
Study without any cheating
So please...
Watch over me
You get it, right?
Even on Level 3, I could barely pass!!
To the people saying things like "Level 3? Easy peasy!"
You should now know it's not so easy peasy!!
So the moral of story?
Vocabulary is absolutely important
It certainly is important
But sentences are even more so!
If you don't understand sentences, then what's the point?!
If you understand sentences, you'll get along just fine!
That's exactly right!!
Alright!
So let's get to the next test!
This is a past Level 3 English Proficiency exam!
Tada!
Problem #1
"In the next conversation piece,
please pick the most appropriate answer"
"To fill the blank from answers 1 to 4"
"I'm sorry, I- Tina- Tina!"
"I forgot to- ba...nning?"
Hm? "Your di-dictionary to school"
"That's ok-ok! OK-OK!"
Um, what was a dictionary again?
What's a dictionary?!
Dictionary- I got it, a dictionary is a jisho (dictionary)!
A dictionary is a jisho (dictionary), right?
"I forgot the dictionary..."
I don't know what burning is though!
Something like "I forgot", right?
"That's okay..."
I know this! This is... um...
"Sorry, I forgot my dictionary at school!"
He's saying something like that
And the girl is like "okey-dokey, wanna use... mine?", something like that!
Answer three! Number three, number three!
And the correct answer was... number four!!
If you chose number three...
You're an idiot~!
"I'm so... ne-nerbaus?" Hm?
Ne-Nervaus?
"Aibout..."
"Tomorrow's Spanish test-" Spanish...
Spanish is...
What was it?
What does Spanish mean- was it something else...
I dunno! What was it?
Some test!
I don't know that word after "so"!
"I have a test tomorrow... a Spanish one"
"Don't worry" is like... "don't worry", right?
"You can totally do it!"
"The test is so easy!", something like that?
Yes, number two!
And the correct answer is...
Oh, it's number two!!
Wow, I did it- praise me~
"Tomoko, can you tell me about life in Japan?"
"Sure..."
Su-Sure
"I want to..."
"Learn? about the food"
"And the people~"
"Tomoko, please tell me about"
Your life in Japan", something like that?
I don't know!!
"What would you like to know?"
Seems like it's number one!!
And the correct answer is...!
Number one! I did it again!
Look, I'm pretty good! I can do this!
A.I.Channel!
And, finish~!
And the results were
2 right answers out of 3!
Huh, isn't this pretty easy~?
No, well, saying that!
The results now that we've reaffirmed my English skills
Are that...
Although my vocabulary is terrible
Sentences are actually
Pretty doable!
I want to really improve the extent of my vocabulary
Anyway, everyone
Please look forward to June!
And to all the people studying for the English Proficiency Test
Let's work hard together!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord or AI-chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, ストライクMk.II, Loserbait